DOC: DataFrame→Array conversion and unknown chunks (#4516)
dask/dask: docs/source/array-chunks.rst

   >>> x[100]
   ValueError: Array chunk sizes unknown

> This also happens when creating a Dask array from a Dask DataFrame:

Reviewer: There are some cases where the chunk sizes can be known

```suggestion
This can also happen when creating a Dask array from a Dask DataFrame:
```
